capital = 16

oob = "FRW_1920"
set_naval_oob = "FRW_1920_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.51

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
		tech_paijipao1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
	#doctrines
	air_superiority = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	battlefleet_concentration = 1
	convoy_sailing = 1
	Old_howitzers= 1
	machine_equipment_weapons= 1
	early_armor_car= 1
	iw_small_airframe= 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	tracked_suspension = 1
	great_war_light_chassis = 1
	super_light_chassis = 1
}
create_faction = Se_International
set_convoys = 300

country_event = { id = FRW.1 days = 10 }
country_event = { id = FRW.17 days = 35 }

country_event = { id = Paris_Commune.1 days = 453 }
country_event = { id = FRW.46 days = 105 }

set_politics = { 
	ruling_party =  Reformism
	last_election = "1921.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	Reformism = 50
	Liberalism = 15
	Revolutionism= 35
}


set_variable = {
	Revolutionary_general_num=7
}
set_variable = {
	Liberal_general_num=3
}
set_variable = {
	Centrist_general_num=4
}
	
	


set_country_flag = parliament_mian_button_yes
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Catroux
recruit_character = FRW_Lucien_Herr
recruit_character = FRW_Emile_Driant
recruit_character = FRW_Alexandre_Millerand
recruit_character = FRW_Louis_Loucheur
recruit_character = FRW_Andre_Marty
recruit_character = FRW_Sebastian_Fuhr
#recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Brousse
recruit_character = FRW_guesde
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Allemane
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Jaures
recruit_character = FRW_LudovicOscar_Frossard
recruit_character = FRW_Leon_Blum
#recruit_character = FRW_emile_Armand
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Clemenceau
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Valois
recruit_character = FRW_Marcel_Cachin
recruit_character = FRW_Aristide_Briand
recruit_character = FRW_Georges_Sorel
recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_de_Castelnau
recruit_character = FRW_Joseph_Vuillemin
recruit_character = FRW_Joffre
recruit_character = FRW_Marie_Eugene_Debeney
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Sarrell
recruit_character = FRW_Vincent_Auriol
recruit_character = FRW_Marcel_Deat
recruit_character = FRW_Benoit_Frachon
recruit_character = FRW_Andre_Le_Troquer
recruit_character = FRW_Jean_Laurent
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Thorez
recruit_character = FRW_Fernand_Loriot
recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_Daladier
recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Faure
recruit_character = FRW_Marx_Dormoy
recruit_character = FRW_Felix_Gouin
recruit_character = FRW_Monmousseau
recruit_character = FRW_Paul_Maistre
recruit_character = FRW_Berthelot_Metz
recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Pelle_Prague
recruit_character = FRW_Gaston_Henri_Billotte

recruit_character = FRW_Jacques_Doriot

recruit_character = FRW_Albert_Thomas

recruit_character = FRW_Alphonse_Merrheim

recruit_character = FRW_Edouard_Berth

recruit_character = FRW_Renaud_Jean
recruit_character = FRW_Comite_communal

recruit_character = FRW_Maurice_Gustave_Gamelin
recruit_character = FRW_Gaston_Moch
recruit_character = FRW_Jacques_Sadoul
recruit_character = FRW_Adolphe_Messimy
recruit_character = FRW_georges_louis_humbert

recruit_character = FRW_Pierre_Monatte
recruit_character = FRW_Leon_Jouhaux

recruit_character = FRW_Adrien_Rene_Viviani
recruit_character =	FRW_Marcel_Sembat

recruit_character =	FRW_Gustave_Herve
recruit_character =	FRW_Louis_Guillon
recruit_character =	FRW_Pierre_Taittinger

recruit_character = FRW_Geoffrey_Trollope_Lee
recruit_character = FRW_Pierre_Taittinger
FRW_Jacques_Doriot = { set_nationality = NNN }

give_guarantee = BEL

add_ideas = {
	
	FRW_Chaotic_socialism
	FRW_The_shame_of_Alsace_Lorraine
	FRW_African_Royal_Families_in_exile
	FRW_Dissidents_army
	FRW_Inefficient_industry
	#law
	
	###
	atheism
	Affirmative_action
	Local_police
	Underlying_investment
	State_media
	Local_trade_unions
	low_industrialization
	Mixed_economy
	secondary_school
	##ad
	FRW_Alexandre_Millerand_H
	FRW_LudovicOscar_Frossard_P
	FRW_Aristide_Briand_P
	FRW_Marx_Dormoy_P
	FRW_Fernand_Loriot_P
	FRW_Adrien_Rene_Viviani_P
	FRW_Marcel_Sembat_P
	FRW_Albert_Thomas_P
		}


add_ai_strategy = {
	type = alliance
	id = "FRW"
	value = 100
}
FRW= {
	type = alliance
	id = "BHL"
	value = 100
}


create_equipment_variant = {			
	name = "AG Class"
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Series I Debakrist"			# represents Debakrist, B class, L-55 sub
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Series II Leninets"				# represents Leninets series II, XI
	type = ship_hull_submarine_2
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Series V Shchuka"				# represents Shchuka series III, V, V-bis, V-bis-2
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Series IX Srednyaya"				# 'Stalinets', series IX, IX-bis, IX-bis-2 and P-class
	type = ship_hull_submarine_2
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Series X Shchuka"				
	type = ship_hull_submarine_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}
# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Orfey Class"						# represents Yakov Sverdlov, Frunze, and Orfey classes
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Fidonisi Class"						# represents Fidonisi and Izyaslav classes
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"				
	type = ship_hull_light_2
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Bug Class"					# minelayer
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
		fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}
# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Komintern Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Chervona Ukraina Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Marti Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1				
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 4
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
	}
}
# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kirov Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
# Battleships #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Marat Class"					
	type = ship_hull_heavy_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
		fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
		fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
		fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
		fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
		front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		mid_2_custom_slot = empty
		rear_1_custom_slot = empty
	}
}