capital = 43

oob = "KOH_1920"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	tracked_suspension = 1
	great_war_light_chassis = 1
	super_light_chassis = 1
}
recruit_character = KOH_Karoly_Huszar
recruit_character = KOH_Joseph_Augusta
recruit_character = KOH_Joseph_Augusta2
recruit_character = KOH_Horthy_Miklos
recruit_character = KOH_Mihaly_Karolyi
recruit_character = KOH_Janky_Kocsard
recruit_character = KOH_Samu_Baro_Hazai
recruit_character = KOH_Shvoy_Istvan
recruit_character = KOH_Pal_Nagy
recruit_character = KOH_Sandor_Szurmay
recruit_character = KOH_Istvan_Horthy 
recruit_character = KOH_Vitez_Karpathy_Kamillo
recruit_character = KOH_Willerding_Rezso
recruit_character = KOH_Karoly_Badok
recruit_character = KOH_Gyula_Gombos_Jakfai_Vitez
recruit_character = KOH_Somkuthy_Jozsef
recruit_character = KOH_Vitez_Karoly 
recruit_character = KOH_Jeno_Ratz
recruit_character = KOH_Vitez_nagybaczoni_Nagy
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		
		
		
		
		

		#industry
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
	}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Dictatorship
	last_election = "1918.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
#law
extensive_conscription
low_industrialization
secondary_school 
Mixed_economy
Part_of_Habsburgs
}
set_popularities = {
	Reformism = 4
	Moderate_Socialism = 3
	Revolutionism = 3
	Dictatorship = 79
	Liberalism = 11
}
