capital = 797

oob = "YED_1920"

# Starting tech

recruit_character = YED_Nikolaos_I
recruit_character = YED_Konstantinos_I
recruit_character = YED_Alexander_I
recruit_character = YED_panagiotis_danglis
recruit_character = YED_nikolaos_trikoupis
recruit_character = YED_epameinondas_zymvrakakis
recruit_character = YED_konstantinos_kallaris
recruit_character = YED_georgios_polymenakos
recruit_character = YED_petros_soumilas
recruit_character = YED_victor_dousmanis
recruit_character = YED_emmanouil_zymvrakakis
recruit_character = YED_anastasios_papoulas
recruit_character = YED_emmanouil_manousogiannakis
recruit_character = YED_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = YED_leonidas_paraskevopoulos
recruit_character = YED_georgios_hatzianestis
recruit_character = YED_konstantinos_sapountzakis
recruit_character = YED_konstantinos_moschopoulos
recruit_character = YED_dimitris_ioannou
recruit_character = YED_georgios_kondylis
	set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons = 1
		tech_support = 1		
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_paijipao1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1
		Old_howitzers= 1
		machine_equipment_weapons= 1
		early_armor_car= 1
		iw_small_airframe= 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	}
	add_ideas = {secondary_school }
	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = Paternalism
	last_election = "1918.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {YED_Roman_Orthodoxy}
set_popularities = {
	Paternalism = 50
	Liberalism = 30
	Conservatism = 20

}
